Am I tied into a contract?
Nope, no contracts here. You can pause or cancel anytime.


Can I exclude ingredients?
Yes! You have the ability to edit individual meals, where you can remove ingredients/components from all meals except for snacks.

What if I don't like a meal on my menu?
You can swap out any dish on the menu. We have 80+ different dish options for you to choose from each week.


Can I enter my own macros?
Absolutely. We have a special custom macros plan for this. You enter your goal macros and we get working on a menu that matches them.

Up to what point can I make changes to my delivery?
You can edit your menu, skip, pause, change your delivery address or delivery timing anytime up to 48 hours before your delivery - all from the app!


How long do the meals last?
The meals last up to 3 days in the fridge.


What oils do you cook with?
We cook predominantly with extra virgin olive oil, and don't use any seed oils. You'll find some dessert options with coconut oil or butter too.


What type of packaging does your food come in?
Our food comes in easy to recycle clip lids, bagasse compostable plates/containers. Hot meal dishes have a recyclable plastic liner to improve food safety and this is also oven safe. Our meal plates/containers are oven and microwave proof.

How do I pause my subscription?
To put your subscription on hold, sign in to your account, go to 'Account Settings', and choose 'Pause Subscription'. You can set the duration of the pause according to your needs.


What are the delivery times and is weekend delivery available?
Yes, delivery is available on weekends too. Your meals are delivered either on the same day or the day before, depending on the time slot you select. Delivery time options are:

Morning Period: 7 AM - 11 AM
Evening Period: 6 PM - 10 PM


Do you deliver to all areas in Bahrain?
Yes, deliveries are available anywhere in Bahrain.



What special offers does Calo Bahrain provide?
Calo Kids healthy meal plans.
Calo Now through Talabat for instant meal delivery across the country.
Calo On Demand for flexible, customer scheduled delivery options.
Calo Catering for events, meetings, and occasions.
B2B & Corporate Partnerships supporting offices, gyms, and health focused organizations.
Total Customization in the Calo App gives you 100% control to swap meals, build dishes from scratch, and remove any ingredients.